Typo fixes(ExpandableVariables.md) (#79)
DavidXanatos/sandboxie-docs: Content/ExpandableVariables.md

| AllUsersProfile | Location of the shared user account root folder. <br> Example: C:\ProgramData |
| HomeDrive <br> HomePath <br> HomeShare | Partial locations of the user account root folder, as defined in the registry key: <br> HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Volatile Environment |
| temp <br> tmp | Location of the Windows temporary files folder as defined in the registry key: <br> HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Environment. <br> Example: C:\Windows\Temp |
| Personal <br> AppData <br> Local AppData <br> Favorites <br> And more | Locations of user account and system folders as are known to Windows Explorer. For more information, see [Shell Folders](ShellFolders.md). |

### Template Variables

Global templates are part of the Sandboxie installation and located in the file _Templates.ini_ in the Sandboxie installation folder. Additional local templates may be added to [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md). Any template may reference template variables in the form _%Tmpl.SomeVariableName%_. These variable names are not built into the core of Sandboxie. They must be defined in _Templates.ini_ or _Sandboxie.ini_ in a [TemplateSettings] section.

### Overriding Variables

> Any of the variables in the table above, including any of the [Shell Folders](ShellFolders.md) variables and any of the template variables, can be overridden by the [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md) configuration file. To override a variable, add a parameter prefixed with **Ovr.**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any of the variables in the table above, including the [Shell Folders](ShellFolders.md) and template variables, can be overridden by the [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md) configuration file. To override a variable, add a parameter prefixed with **Ovr.**.
```

    Reg.Cookies=%USERPROFILE%\Cookies
```

> Note that "Ovr." style overrides (described above) will skip the registry addressing for Sandboxie. On the other hand, Sandboxie only checks "Reg." style fallbacks if the expanded variable cannot be found in the registry. This means that if both Ovr.X and Reg.X are specified for the same variable X, the Ovr.X form will always apply when X is expanded, and the Reg.X form will never apply.

Reviewer: The term "addressing" seems a bit too technical, is there a simpler one?

Author: will force/make/cause Sandboxie (to) ignore the registry (lookup)

Reviewer: https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/sandboxie-docs/pull/79#pullrequestreview-1121933400

> Note that "Ovr." style overrides (described above) will skip the registry addressing for Sandboxie. On the other hand, Sandboxie only checks "Reg." style fallbacks if the expanded variable cannot be found in the registry. This means that if both Ovr.X and Reg.X are specified for the same variable X, the Ovr.X form will always apply when X is expanded, and the Reg.X form will never apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that "Ovr." style overrides (described above) will cause Sandboxie to ignore the registry. On the other hand, Sandboxie only checks "Reg." style fallbacks if the expanded variable cannot be found in the registry. This means that if both Ovr.X and Reg.X are specified for the same variable X, the Ovr.X form will always apply when X is expanded, and the Reg.X form will never apply.
```
